Updated tests (to investigate test_lock_store.py behavior) (#6735)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6735.misc.md

> Update tests to investigate `test_lock_store.py` behavior.

Reviewer: I would add a sentence about how this has been updated. Something like 
```suggestion
Update tests in `test_lock_store.py`. Some of these tests are now allowed 
to fail on Windows and will be investigated further.
```

Author: It's not gonna be added to changelog anyway.

> Adjust a timeout for `test_cli_start` test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust the timeout for the `test_cli_start()` test in `tests/cli/test_cli.py` 
to allow for a slower start of the CLI on Windows.
```
